NOTICE:
This is not the original repository. That you may find here: https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-public 
This is a fork, made for me to personally handle hands on assignments, following the fourth semester course: Operating Systems and Concurrency, using: Operating Systems, three easy parts as the text book,
on Aalborg University. I decided to make a public repo, with a fork of the XV6 repo, containing otherwise, only the changes I have made myself.
In case of existing XV6 files, these are noted with a comment //Custom changes to... and ended with another such, or so i will aim to. 
Otherwise, the files are bound to have a small copyright notice, but are otherwise licensed the same as the XV6 project. Do not remove the copyright notice from significant parts
of the program. 

Otherwise, I would like to add a small 'thank you' for the creators of XV6, as well as our Professor: René Rydhof Hansen, both parties contributing to make this
course a very entertaining as well as educational one: few things helps the understanding better than good teaching followed by firstclass hands on.

The following is the original contents of this file:


xv6 is a re-implementation of Dennis Ritchie's and Ken Thompson's Unix
Version 6 (v6).  xv6 loosely follows the structure and style of v6,
but is implemented for a modern x86-based multiprocessor using ANSI C.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

xv6 is inspired by John Lions's Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition (Peer
to Peer Communications; ISBN: 1-57398-013-7; 1st edition (June 14,
2000)). See also https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/, which
provides pointers to on-line resources for v6.

xv6 borrows code from the following sources:
    JOS (asm.h, elf.h, mmu.h, bootasm.S, ide.c, console.c, and others)
    Plan 9 (entryother.S, mp.h, mp.c, lapic.c)
    FreeBSD (ioapic.c)
    NetBSD (console.c)

The following people have made contributions: Russ Cox (context switching,
locking), Cliff Frey (MP), Xiao Yu (MP), Nickolai Zeldovich, and Austin
Clements.

We are also grateful for the bug reports and patches contributed by Silas
Boyd-Wickizer, Anton Burtsev, Cody Cutler, Mike CAT, Tej Chajed, eyalz800,
Nelson Elhage, Saar Ettinger, Alice Ferrazzi, Nathaniel Filardo, Peter
Froehlich, Yakir Goaron,Shivam Handa, Bryan Henry, Jim Huang, Alexander
Kapshuk, Anders Kaseorg, kehao95, Wolfgang Keller, Eddie Kohler, Austin
Liew, Imbar Marinescu, Yandong Mao, Matan Shabtay, Hitoshi Mitake, Carmi
Merimovich, Mark Morrissey, mtasm, Joel Nider, Greg Price, Ayan Shafqat,
Eldar Sehayek, Yongming Shen, Cam Tenny, tyfkda, Rafael Ubal, Warren
Toomey, Stephen Tu, Pablo Ventura, Xi Wang, Keiichi Watanabe, Nicolas
Wolovick, wxdao, Grant Wu, Jindong Zhang, Icenowy Zheng, and Zou Chang Wei.

The code in the files that constitute xv6 is
Copyright 2006-2018 Frans Kaashoek, Robert Morris, and Russ Cox.

ERROR REPORTS

Please send errors and suggestions to Frans Kaashoek and Robert Morris
(kaashoek,rtm@mit.edu). The main purpose of xv6 is as a teaching
operating system for MIT's 6.828, so we are more interested in
simplifications and clarifications than new features.

BUILDING AND RUNNING XV6

To build xv6 on an x86 ELF machine (like Linux or FreeBSD), run
"make". On non-x86 or non-ELF machines (like OS X, even on x86), you
will need to install a cross-compiler gcc suite capable of producing
x86 ELF binaries (see https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/).
Then run "make TOOLPREFIX=i386-jos-elf-". Now install the QEMU PC
simulator and run "make qemu".
